# i3blocks/config
# @author nate zhou
# @since 2025

# Global properties
separator=true
separator_block_width=8
markup=pango

# modules
[mpdd]
command= i3blocks-mpdd
# -2 will respawn the command as soon as it terminates
interval=-2

[mpd]
command= i3blocks-mpd
interval=once
signal=8

[wttr]
command= i3blocks-wttr
interval=once
signal=7

[calcurse]
command= i3blocks-calcurse
interval=once
signal=6

[newsboat]
command= i3blocks-newsboat
interval=once
signal=5

[pacman]
command= i3blocks-pacman
interval=once
signal=4
separator=false
separator_block_width=12

[uptime]
command= i3blocks-uptime
interval=900

[login]
command= i3blocks-login
interval=60

[home]
command= i3blocks-home
interval=60
separator=false
separator_block_width=12

[root]
command= i3blocks-root
interval=60

[memory]
command= i3blocks-memory
interval=5

[cpu]
command= i3blocks-cpu
interval=5
separator=false
separator_block_width=12

[temperature]
command= i3blocks-temperature
interval=5

[brightness]
command= i3blocks-brightness
interval=once
signal=3

[microphone]
command= i3blocks-microphone
interval=once
signal=2
separator=false
separator_block_width=12

[volume]
command= i3blocks-volume
interval=once
signal=1

[bluetooth]
command= i3blocks-bluetooth
interval=10
separator=false
separator_block_width=12

[wifi]
command= i3blocks-wifi
interval=10

[ethernet]
command= i3blocks-ethernet
interval=10

[battery]
command= i3blocks-battery
interval=5

[time]
# ` `(U+2009) is the Thin Space
command= i3blocks-time
interval=5
